2.6 blog post (#12412)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/others/12055.md

#### Switch to `esbuild` (#12055 by @fisker)

> We've switched build tool from Rollup to esbuild. It is much faster and has improved our development experience. This is an internal change and will not affect users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've switched our build process from Rollup to [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io). esbuild is much faster and has improved our development experience. This is an internal change and should not affect users. If something isn’t working for you after upgrading, please [open an issue](https://github.com/prettier/prettier/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=integration.md)!
```
